nullable-attributes.md: fixed string.IsNullOrEmpty description (#14780)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/nullable-attributes.md

## Specify conditional post-conditions: `NotNullWhen` and `MaybeNullWhen`

> You're likely familiar with the `string` method <xref:System.String.IsNullOrEmpty(System.String)?DisplayProperty=nameWithType>. This method returns `true` when the argument is null or the empty string. It is a form of null-check: Callers don't need to null-check the argument if the method returns `false`. To make a method like this nullable aware, you'd set the argument to a nullable type, and add the `NotNullWhen` attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're likely familiar with the `string` method <xref:System.String.IsNullOrEmpty(System.String)?DisplayProperty=nameWithType>. This method returns `true` when the argument is null or an empty string. It's a form of null-check: Callers don't need to null-check the argument if the method returns `false`. To make a method like this nullable aware, you'd set the argument to a nullable type, and add the `NotNullWhen` attribute:
```
